[theme music]
[Ik-sun sobs and sniffles]
[Ik-sun] All right, but please…
make sure to keep this to yourself.
-[sighs]
-I don't want anyone to find out.
Don't focus on that.
You might need to get a transplant.
[Ik-sun] Just don't tell anyone.
I don't want them to know.
[sighs]
All right. I promise.
We need to start your treatment.
I'm going to keep my mouth shut.
Don't worry.
[Ik-sun] Don't tell
Mom and Dad either, okay?
-Okay, I won't.
-[Ik-sun] And also…
don't tell Jun-wan.
[dramatic thuds]
Don't you ever tell Jun-wan,
no matter what happens, Ik-jun.
You understand?
[gulps]
[sighs deeply]
[gentle music]
[Ik-jun sips]
[mug clinks]
[gentle music continues]
[Ik-sun] I'm sorry
I didn't tell you, Ik-jun.
The truth is we started
dating last summer.
But we broke up.
Actually, I was the one who ended it.
It was all my fault.
I've had a change of heart.
Please don't ask for more details.
You know all the usual reasons
why a relationship
simply doesn't work out.
Jun-wan has no idea about my condition.
And I would prefer
he never find out about it.
I'm sorry, Ik-jun.
It's all right, I won't tell him.
[Ik-jun sighs]
[Ik-sun] I'm sorry.
[Ik-jun] Will you stop saying sorry?
It doesn't sound like you.
Don't worry about me.
Focus on wrapping things up
on your end, and come home right away.
-[door opens, closes]
-Have you booked your flight?
[door opens]
[bottles clink]
[gasps in surprise]
Ah!
[groans]
[Jeong-won] Dude, you scared me!
Why aren't you asleep?
[Jun-wan] I was trying to.
But I couldn't sleep.
-Is it because of a patient?
-It's not.
Is it about your family?
No, they're fine.
[sighs]
["Rain and You" by Lee Mujin playing]
[beeps, line ringing]
[beeps]
[sighs heavily]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[bright music]
[clears throat]
Good morning, everyone.
[Gyeo-ul] Good morning, Professor Lee.
-[Su-bin] Good morning, Professor Lee.
-[Yeong-ha] Good morning.
Choi Eun-suk in Room 6006
was in the ER yesterday.
She got an enema
due to hepatic encephalopathy.
But her temperature has gone up
to 38.6 degrees,
and her jaundice is severe.
[tongue clicks]
Mm-hmm. Let's do an MRCP tomorrow.
If the bile duct is enlarged
because of cancer, we will perform PTBD.
Yes.
-[knocks on door]
-[door slides open]
-[Ik-jun] Good morning. Hello, Ms. Choi.
-[Mr. Choi] Hello, Doctor Lee.
-[Ik-jun] How are things going today?
-[sighs]
She has a hard time recognizing people,
and she seems restless,
so it doesn't look good.
[Mr. Choi] I wish I could go
through this instead of her.
[winces in pain]
[sucks teeth]
Her jaundice is pretty severe.
It appears the cancer
has spread through the bile duct
and is causing the blockage.
So we'll do an MRI tomorrow.
And if what we're suspecting is true,
we'll perform a biliary drainage.
For this procedure,
a drainage tube is inserted
which allows us to drain the extra bile.
We might have to perform this procedure.
[lips smack]
I see. Right.
That sounds okay then, Doctor.
Yes.
Very well. We can talk more tomorrow
as soon as we get the MRI results.
Sure.
I can't believe how much
Seok-hyeong has changed.
It surprises me every time.
He even bought us coffee.
[chuckles softly]
To think he used to be
so quiet and grumpy all the time.
-I think he still kind of looks grumpy.
-[both chuckle]
[sips]
But you are correct.
I've noticed the changes as well.
After his father's affair
and Ji-eun's passing,
and me collapsing from brain hemorrhage,
he seems like a different person nowadays.
What I went through
may have hurt like hell,
but at least I had my son with me.
There is always hope, after all.
[chuckles]
[sips, clicks tongue]]
Rosa.
I feel quite happy these days.
That's good. I'm really happy
to hear you say that.
There's one thing I'm unhappy about.
It's my one and only wish.
So I'll be over the moon if it comes true,
but it's complicated.
Is it… money?
Of course not. I have that.
If you must know, all I have is money.
You know, you're such a snob.
What I want is to marry off Seok-hyeong.
I would love it if he meets
someone nice and got remarried one day.
That's the last piece of my happiness.
Actually, that's my final wish.
If it's your final wish,
why is it about your son?
You should only wish for things
that concern you
and revolve around your own life.
You shouldn't meddle in his life again
and make things harder for him.
I won't do that. Of course not.
Please don't tell me
you've already forgotten everything.
You were the one who made
such a big fuss of the dowry,
and even made his ex-wife sign a prenup.
[Rosa] Then you made sure that her family
wouldn't get a single cent.
[sips]
What's impressive
is that she lasted a year.
You kept stressing her out of her money
and called her dozens of times every day.
I only did all those things
because that woman
wouldn't stop giving money to her family.
Don't you see?
Seok-hyeong gave it to her family.
Was it wrong to want to help
his wife's family?
Besides, it's none of your business.
The whole marriage was a scam.
We were duped by them, okay?
The entire family put on an act,
because they didn't want us
to find out that they are bankrupt.
I allowed them to get married
because they told me
that Professor Yoon's father
was a rich man
and owned three buildings in Gangnam,
and then admit they were all professors.
My goodness. They're a bunch of liars.
Their family was drowning in debt.
What they actually have are loans,
instead of buildings.
Every member of the family
is a total fraud.
It wasn't done on purpose.
There must have been a reason for it.
How could you treat
your daughter-in-law like a criminal?
You were always on her case
because she didn't have a dowry
except a two-carat diamond ring.
You even accused her of taking the ring
when it went missing.
How could you have thought
she would take it?
Rosa, I am positive
that she took the ring.
[frustrated sigh]
That was the first and last time
she visited my house.
She offered to clean my room.
That time, I thought it was odd.
But she insisted.
So I told her to go ahead
and clean my room.
And then, I couldn't find
the ring anywhere that day.
There were more valuable things there.
And yet, that tiny ring vanished.
That two-carat diamond ring
she bought for me disappeared.
You're delusional.
You need to see a shrink.
I'm sure that was her way
of getting back at me.
She's a scary woman.
[sips]
[gasps]
What is she doing here?
Who is it?
Sin-hye.
Who are you talking about?
[whispers]
She's the diamond thief.
[background chatter]
So that's what she looks like.
[sighs]
What is she up to?
What are you thinking?
She must have a doctor's appointment.
Mind your own business.
Rosa, I think she's wearing my diamond.
[coughs]
Didn't you notice the diamond necklace
she was wearing?
-[sighs]
-I think it's my diamond.
No, it is mine. I'm sure of it.
Hey, is that the only diamond
in the world?
[voice raises]
How could you be sure it's yours?
Listen to me. That's enough, okay?
Focusing on that is bad for you.
[ominous music]
Professor, ROM just occurred
during patient Jang Mi-ra's induction.
Then things are going well.
Thanks for the update.
-Professor, can I ask you a question?
-Hmm? What?
Well, patient Kang Yun-a's husband
is wondering
if he can bring in a camera and record
the moment his wife gives birth.
[inhales deeply]
If he's too busy holding a camera
while his wife's in labor,
-she might punch him.
-[Min-ha chuckles]
No, he, he only wants the birth.
Not during labor.
But the moment the baby is born.
He says he wants to record the moment
you finally pick up the baby.
And he'll make sure
our faces won't be in the frame.
Hmm, it's fine with me.
Tell him he can bring his camera.
From a high angle though, not a low angle.
If it's just the baby, then it's fine.
Tell him it's okay
to record the birth, hmm?
Yes, I'll let him know.
[Seok-hyeong exhales]
By the way, Professor…
could I ask you another question?
-Hmm?
-[mouse clicks]
Well, I was just wondering if we could…
go to the café
and I'll buy you coffee first?
I'll ask you my question
while we're there.
Just ask me here.
Yeah, what's the question?
You got me curious too.
Uh…
Well, you really want me to ask you here?
All right, let's go for coffee.
-You can ask me on the way.
-Okay, thank you.
-[water splashes]
-[Myeong-tae] Hey.
As chief resident, you're supposed to
be able to aim the water properly, right?
You need to be more precise,
so I can see it well.
[resident] I'm sorry, sir.
[Jae-hak] He worked
the night shift, Professor.
He even had to do an emergency surgery,
so he got no sleep.
[Myeong-tae] Come on,
you have to stay focused!
-[resident] Yes. I'm really sorry.
-[scoffs]
[Myeong-tae] It's not like you're
the only one who's sleep-deprived.
Hey, back in my day, okay,
I stayed focused even after working
180 hours a week, got it?
Mind over matter.
It's all about your mental strength.
[comical music]
[Jae-hak] There are only 168 hours a week.
However, there is a thing called
daylight savings.
-[Myeong-tae] What?
-[Jae-hak] Ah, it was nothing.
-Professor, I can wrap this up for you.
-[Myeong-tae] Obviously.
[Jae-hak] Thank you.
[comical music continues]
[sighs]
-[Jeong-won] Job well done, everyone.
-[fellow] Great job, Professor. Thank you.
-[nurse 1] Thank you, Professor.
-[Jeong-won] Sure.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
We finished pretty early, so well done.
-[nurse 2] Thank you, Professor.
-[doctor] Thank you so much, Professor.
-[Jeong-won] Thanks again, everyone.
-[nurse 1] Thanks, Professor Ahn.
-[Jeong-won] Thanks a lot.
-[doctor] Thank you, Professor.
[Jeong-won] Yeah, great job, guys.
[doctor] He really is one of a kind.
Have you ever seen
Professor Ahn get angry?
[nurse 1] I think he reprimands
the residents or interns once in a while.
But when he does so, he's very polite.
Ah…
Professor Yang. I was wondering
what kind of movies do you like?
-Is that your question for me?
-Uh, no.
[mouthing]
-Min-ha.
-Uh, yes?
I just remembered.
You're only allowed a question a day.
You've already asked me one.
Oh! But that was
only about work, Professor.
Only ask work-related questions.
But you didn't say that before.
This rule starts today.
[quirky music stings]
Uh…
But I don't think I can comply
with that rule, Professor.
I promise I'm only going to ask you
questions that don't cross the line, okay?
[both chuckle]
[Seok-hyeong] Still,
no more questions for today.
If it's not about work,
save them for next time.
Okay. It's not about work,
so I guess I'll keep it for now.
Anyway, I'll just buy you a cup of coffee.
I'll get the triple extra-large for you.
Do they make them that big?
No, I made it up. Ow, sorry, Professor.
[approaching footsteps]
Does your father have
an appointment here today?
Mm-hmm, but we're already done.
I forgot my phone at the café,
so I came back to pick it up.
Dad's waiting in the car.
Is he feeling all right?
He's doing much better now.
He's even exercising.
I'm glad to hear that.
[Min-ha chuckles awkwardly]
Hello. Good morning.
Uh, that's right. This is my resident.
I see, hello. How are you?
Fine, thanks.
[high-pitch voice]
He just called me his resident!
Dad wanted to treat you to dinner,
but I told him not to bother you.
It'd make you uncomfortable.
Yeah, it would.
Besides, I didn't even do anything.
I have to go now.
Mm, bye.
[light chuckle]
[gentle music]
[theme music]
-[machines beeping]
-[tools clinking]
[Song-hwa] Seon-bin.
You don't see any bleeding, right?
[Seon-bin] Yes, no bleeding.
[Song-hwa] You can leave
when you need to, got it?
-We've got everything here covered.
-Okay, I'll do that.
[Song-hwa] Look at this.
The optic nerve decompression
is progressing rapidly,
so the patient's eyesight may improve.
Let's remove the halo retractor.
-[Seon-bin] Okay.
-[Seong-yeong] Okay.
[Song-hwa] Go ahead
and remove the microscope.
[elevator dings]
[Gyeo-ul] Hello, Professors.
Oh!
[chuckles]
Hi, Professor Ahn.
Mm.
[laughs]
[Gyeo-ul] Oh, thank you.
[both chuckle]
You haven't eaten yet?
No.
Hey, Gyeo-ul, tell me. This isn't…
This isn't just for one meal, right?
-Two meals?
-[elevator dings]
I see. For two meals.
Oh, hello, Professor.
Hmm.
I'll take the next one.
Uh, just get in.
[sighs]
Whatever.
[both chuckle]
[video game music playing]
[video game characters grunting]
Aren't they here yet?
[thuds]
I told them on our group chat
to come here if they have a moment.
I'm sure they'll be here in a minute.
Before I forget, I noticed you have
at least one surgery here every week.
[Ik-jun] What was the point of you
moving to Sokcho, then?
Only handle the urgent VIP cases…
[grunts]
…and let Professor Choi
and Professor Jung handle the rest.
[groans]
Actually, I'm only handling
all the VIP surgeries until next week.
And then, Professor Jung
will handle the simple cases after that.
That's good. I'm glad to hear that.
Don't die! Argh!
Can I borrow your charger?
I really wanna take it easy now.
I need to get my neck treated
and start exercising.
[inhales]
I need to recharge.
Do you want to use this?
[playful music]
-[door opens]
-Song-hwa, I need your charger.
Hold on! She's using it now
to recharge herself.
[digital whirring]
Uh…
[digital clickety-clack]
You crazy clown. I can't cuss at you now
because you're funny.
[exhales]
Is everyone here? How about Seok-hyeong?
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
That bear, probably on his way
by taking his sweet time as well.
-Are you feeling better?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay.
[sharp exhale]
[charger clanks]
-Am I the last one to arrive?
-Mm, yeah. What took you so long?
-Hurry up and sit down.
-[door closes]
[sighs]
So tell us, Song-hwa.
[breathes deeply]
Why did you call us here off?
It's in the middle of the day.
Are you… getting married?
Hey.
It's about something…
that is as important.
[gasps]
-[all in unison] Snow crab?
-[groans]
[chuckles]
Yes. I always see that
at the sashimi place in Sokcho.
The captain there called me about crabs.
He said they had a lot today
and he wants to sell me some.
We get wholesale price too.
Call him back and tell him we want some!
I… I want snow crabs.
[in dramatic tone]
I really… want some snow crabs.
[dramatic music]
But how much can I buy them for?
[music wanes down]
What exactly is he doing?
I think it's called acting.
-[dramatic music]
-How much is it? How much do you want?
Snow crab? I've got lots of money.
-Wow, look at the bond you two have.
-[music wanes down]
-I can't believe you played along.
-[Song-hwa chuckles]
Obviously, we need to pay him
for our orders.
I worked out the arrangement.
He'll steam them
and send everything to us by tomorrow.
It should get here
on the weekend, but I told him
to have it sent straight
to Seok-hyeong's address.
Seok-hyeong, please
keep an eye out for it.
Sure.
We should have it for dinner
before our practice.
But since Jeong-won is here,
he's allergic to crab.
Make sure you order bossam and jokbal
as soon as the package arrives.
I'm sorry, Jeong-won.
-How much did you order?
-I got ten.
[all gasp]
[all in unison]
You ordered ten?
[sighs]
I did. It'll be two per person.
Oh, are you seriously
getting two snow crabs per person?
I can't have any, so they'll
be divided among the four of you.
Which means, you'll have
two and a half crabs each.
Wait.
Could you be talking about
those small hermit crabs?
Snow crabs. Those big ones!
I bought a lot
because he was giving us a great deal.
If it's too much,
you can all take one home.
-[playful music]
-Ik-jun, you can give some to U-ju.
Give it to your mother.
Right, you can give yours to Dr. Jang.
-Are you two meeting up?
-Of course.
-And you… Uh…
-[music fades]
You can, uh…
Don't worry about my share.
I can eat them both.
Okay.
[inhales]
Good. See you this weekend. Ah!
Fast for eight hours before we meet up.
Understood?
[in dramatic tone]
Are we allowed to drink water?
Water's fine.
[chuckles]
Right.
-[birds chirping]
-[peaceful music]
[Jong-su chuckles]
Oh, yes! The clams are so fresh.
Where did you get them?
Are they from the West Sea?
[chewing]
Grocery. They also sell frozen clams.
Oh, really?
[laughs]
I see. Their freezers must be very good.
They were preserved well.
Stop it. Are you really not
going to get a health checkup?
Will you quit being so hard-headed?
If you get sick,
your kids will worry about you.
My goodness. I'm telling you.
My kids won't even care, okay?
They'll just call a few times.
And that's it.
[slurps]
-[sighs]
-Uh, as they say,…
[slurps, exhales]
…one's growing old is mandatory.
It's the growing up that is optional.
[chuckles]
It's only natural to get sick or die
when you're old, hmm?
Even if you get regular health checks,
you'll still die one day.
I'd rather…
stay in the dark until I die, hmm?
That way, I'll have no regrets in my life.
Stop talking like that.
You just turned 70.
I didn't say you should rely on your kids.
Just let them live their lives
and as for you, do whatever you want.
What do you want to do anyway?
-Nothing.
-"Nothing"?
-What about you?
-Me?
Well, uh…
I don't know either.
[both chuckle]
It seems our lives are not fun anymore.
My joy is eating a warm bowl of rice
and enjoying this delicious
soybean paste soup with you.
I can't tell if you're being
pessimistic or humble.
Just eat.
[muching]
I am eating.
I'll make this for you every spring.
-[both chuckle]
-Oh, dear.
[chuckles]
That proves old friends are the best.
[both laughing]
Jeong-won isn't coming this week?
He was here last week.
My other son's visiting today.
Hmm. I see.
You're so lucky with your kids.
[grumbles]
You're the first person to say that to me.
How could I be "lucky" if all my kids
are priests and nuns, except for one?
[sighs]
If I could write a book about my life,
it would be a weighty tome.
There's been so much drama.
My goodness.
Well, every family has a story.
[inhales]
Speaking of which, uh…
It's about Peter.
Peter? Oh, Dong-il?
-Yes, Dong-il.
-What about him?
Well, he is your biological son, right?
He's not Chairman Ahn's love child
that he took in when the two of you
got married, right?
[laughs]
He looks older than he is, doesn't he?
-[continues laughing]
-He does. He looks really old.
I was the one who gave birth to him.
If you look closely, he takes after me.
Oh, he looks nothing like you.
Sure, he has two eyes,
one nose, and one mouth.
But that's the only resemblance.
[both chuckle]
Seriously, though. Dong-il is handsome.
Actually, he's the best-looking one
out of all my children.
Really? But he looks so old.
That's the reason why he's so mature.
More importantly, he's very dependable.
-[sighs]
-[Dong-il] Mom!
Hey, Mom! Mom, are you…
Oh, Mom, why would you leave
the front door wide open like that?
What if thieves come and rob you?
Goodness. So this is the son
who is coming today?
-Oh, my gosh.
-Whoa.
You're paying my mom a visit too?
-Hello, Mr. Ju.
-Yes, sit down.
Hey, Mom.
Ta-da!
Where did you get that?
Out in the garden.
[snickers]
[groans in disappointment]
Well, it didn't look like anybody
was taking care of them.
They were right by the wall.
That's why I picked them.
They're so pretty.
Why are you going around
picking flowers from the garden?
I've been working so hard
to look after those.
-But, Mom.
-What?
[tone goes up]
The stems were like this.
[sighs]
-You are really unbelievable.
-[yelps]
They weren't doing well, so I've been
giving them supplements to help them grow.
Why would you suddenly pick them?
-Are you sure?
-[sighs]
Oh, I see. I didn't know about that.
[groans, gasps]
-Oh, my goodness.
-Hey!
Oh, Mom, look!
-Spikenards! You're eating spikenards?
-[exasperated sigh]
Hang on. You grow them in your garden too,
so you can't pick them.
How are spikenards different
from the flowers, Mr. Ju?
Why are you being such a smart-ass?
When are you going
to start acting like an adult?
Really, when will you grow up?
Oh, my goodness.
-[cracks]
-[Jun-wan grunts]
[sighs]
It doesn't look like
we can practice today.
Definitely not happening.
If we do, we won't have
enough time to eat all the crab.
We'll do it next time. Our vocalist
needs to take care of his throat.
Right. You guys don't care
about my poor throat at all.
It feels really sore.
[clears throat]
You should stop talking.
You talk nonstop.
No wonder your throat is sore.
That being said,
for the vocalist,…
how about I try to sing some--
-Cheers!
-Cheers, guys!
Woo-hoo!
[vocalizes]
[groans]
-Ik-jun, that was amazing!
-This is great, you gotta try this.
[overlapping chatter]
-[Seok-hyeong] It's really tasty.
-[Jun-wan] Snow crabs are good.
-Hey! We need to eat this first.
-Jeong-won.
-It's so refreshing.
-Ahn Jeong-won.
-The bossam is so good.
-Andrea!
[Seok-hyeong] Oh, it's delicious.
-I told you it was good.
-Will you please look at me?
[Jun-wan] Mm, goodness. This is so nice.
I've been practicing my singing.
I do it on the beach in Sokcho.
[Song-hwa] I can sing much better now.
[yelps]
-You have to hold the line!
-[thumps]
[blows raspberries]
I even went to Mount Seorak
all the time to improve my singing!
Not to eat those fritters?
Hey!
Well, sorry, we can't.
Nope. Our answer is nope.
-[crabs clink]
-[sighs]
It looks like she really wants to do it.
-Why don't we let her sing once?
-Stop!
[serious music]
-[Seok-hyeong] We could give it a shot.
-[Jun-wan] No, we can't decide this today.
-Hey, listen to me.
-[Ik-jun] Hey, what I'm trying to say is
-why are we taking this so seriously?
-[Jeong-won] Okay, just listen.
Song-hwa wanted to sing better,
so she put in a lot of effort to practice.
[Jun-wan] I don't want
to talk to you right now.
[Ik-jun] Jun-wan, come on, eh.
[Jeong-won] I think we should just
give her a chance. She's practiced a lot.
No, no, no, I'm sorry.
I can't do this right now.
I know this isn't an easy decision.
This is crazy.
Anyway, I'm going to the bathroom first.
This is more important.
Can't you wait or something?
I'm so full. I ate too much.
Whoa, gosh, I'm stuffed.
[groans]
[Ik-jun] Oh, man, I can't breathe.
What are you doing? Are you drunk?
Not at all. It's because I had snow crabs.
[comical music]
[laughs]
What's with him?
[grunts]
[exhales]
[chair squeaks]
[blows air]
Just a second.
[breathes deeply]
[sighs]
Do it!
Really?
You guys will let me sing?
-Ah, yes!
-You'll sing…
but only on your birthday.
Oh, oh! Okay,
I'm good with that! I'm good.
-My birthday's coming up.
-No, not this year.
[quirky music stings]
You already sang last year.
-I did.
-So next year.
It's a biennial event.
[comical music stings]
I'll only sing every two years?
[gasps]
Aww, but the wait's too long!
You know what, we made a big concession.
How am I going to wait until next April?
A year will fly by.
It'll feel like forever!
Besides, we agreed
to let you choose the song.
Can you be more considerate
of our feelings?
People think we're a comedy group
if you sing.
-We agreed because you said--
-I have one condition.
What? Are you being serious right now?
Uh, go ahead. What is it?
Let's do karaoke.
[comical music stings]
-Now?
-Yes, right now.
What?
Can't we?
-[tambourine clinking]
-[upbeat music playing]
[singing]
♪ On the day of our first date ♪
♪ With three yellow roses in my hand ♪
♪ I hummed all the way to Sinchon ♪
♪ With a fluttering heart ♪
[off-tune humming]
♪ With your straight hair
Blowing in the wind ♪
♪ You were waving your hand at me ♪
♪ From head to toe ♪
-♪ I'm smitten with everything about you ♪
-[singing out of tune]
♪ I like you ♪
♪ I like you so much ♪
♪ I want to give you my everything ♪
♪ I don't want to hide ♪
♪ My feelings for you ♪
♪ Forever ♪
[out of tune]
♪ With you ♪
♪ Strolling in Sinchon with you ♪
♪ Feeling over the moon ♪
♪ Hello, my angel ♪
♪ How did you steal my heart? ♪
♪ It's okay, my angel ♪
♪ My heart is all yours now ♪
♪ I like you ♪
♪ I like you so much ♪
♪ I want to give you my everything ♪
♪ I don't want to hide ♪
♪ My feelings for you ♪
♪ Forever ♪
-♪ Forever ♪
♪ With you ♪
-♪ With you ♪
[tambourines clinking]
Hey, will you stop doing that already?
-[patting]
-Uh… Huh?
What's the matter with you?
[car door closes]
[car locks]
[chuckles]
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
[both chuckle]
[Jeong-won] Ta-da!
-Oh, my!
-[Jeong-won] Go on, dig in.
Um, wait a minute.
Is all of this for me?
I know that you can finish all of it.
[chuckles]
[Jeong-won] You're still going back
to the hospital, right?
Yes.
I was thinking
I could drop you off at Yulje,
and then pick up Jun-wan too.
-Here.
-Thank you for the food.
I didn't know they would remove the shells
before sending crabs these days.
Whoever did this must be a real pro.
They shelled all of them so cleanly.
I did all of it.
Jun-wan was going to be on duty,
so after making him breakfast,
I put my gloves on
and shelled all of them.
But why? You can't even eat them.
I can still touch them, though.
-Is it good?
-Mm-hmm, yes, so good.
Well, since you like them,
I'll buy them more often.
Let's take advantage
while Song-hwa is in Sokcho.
Okay. Did you know
Min-ha is also from Sokcho?
Oh, she is?
Yes. Her parents run a bed and breakfast.
She always says I should visit.
-But you can't go.
-[chuckles]
Right. Min-ha can't go home,
and neither can I.
We have no free time.
[sucks teeth]
We'll go together
after your board exam next year.
You can take some time off then.
We can even see the ocean
and go for a long drive.
We'll travel for a few days.
Do you think we'll ever get to?
Why? Are you going somewhere?
I'm not. It's just a year
is a long time away.
Who knows what could happen in a year?
Time will pass by quickly.
Gyeo-ul, just promise me one thing.
It doesn't matter if it's big or small,
if anything ever happens to you,
I want you to talk to me about it.
I won't nag you and I won't tell you
what to do, I just want you
to talk to me about it. Hmm?
Okay, I promise I will.
But you have to promise me too.
What is it?
What do you want me to do?
Uh, I want you to promise me
that once a day, you'll do something
that shows your affection.
[laughs]
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
[Gyeo-ul chuckles softly]
Your allergy.
[smooching]
[both chuckling]
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok ends]
[chuckles]
-[birds chirping]
-[ceramic clinks]
Wait.
[grunts]
[Dong-il grunts and laughs]
Hang on.
Ah, I have to admit, this flower
really looks like a fried egg,
with that white part and the egg yolk.
What if this flower was called,
let's see, "fried egg" flower?
[Dong-il] Hey, Mom! Mom!
Mom, what's the name of this flower?
[Rosa] It's a daisy!
How many times do I have to tell you?
Right, daisy. I remember the name now.
It's such a perfect name
for this pretty flower.
Hey, Mom!
[Dong-il] Doesn't this flower come
in lots of different colors?
I feel like I've seen it
in, in, in purple--
Whoa!
[groans]
[Rosa] Planting them there
won't revive those flowers.
Why did you even bother picking them
in the first place?
You're so weird. Oh, my goodness.
So annoying.
-[Dong-il] Hey, Mom!
-[Rosa] What?
-Mom! [laughs]
-[Rosa] You're like a child.
-Ooh! Whoa! My god!
-Take that!
[cackles]
Mom!
Hey, Rosa.
I noticed your kids
all have something in common.
What's that? What do they have in common?
They're all chatty.
All of your kids like to talk a lot.
[chuckles]
That's true. My kids can be pretty chatty.
They've always been that way
since they were little.
As soon as they got home from school,
they'd be talking my ears off.
They'd talk about their fights
with friends and their favorite singers.
They'd even share with me
all the self-study classes they cut.
It makes them look kind of silly,
doesn't it?
Oh, no, not at all.
They don't look silly to me.
In fact, I think they're thoughtful.
[dismissive scoff, laughs]
[sighs]
Rosa, I really am jealous of you.
Are you sure you're jealous of that, huh?
-[water hose running]
-[Dong-il laughing]
[Dong-il] Hey, Mom, look! See that?
See that rainbow?
I'll make you a rainbow, Mom!
Wow! Look at that! Look!
-I made a rainbow!
-My gosh.
-[both chuckle]
-[Dong-il] Woo-hoo!
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
We transferred patient Choi Eun-suk
over the weekend.
She's been moved to a six-bed room.
That's all right. What about her jaundice?
Her bilirubin level is 2.5 and dropping.
Okay. What about her husband?
-How is her husband?
-Mm.
He's okay. Why?
It's nothing. Just curious.
Choi Eun-suk's husband asked
for a medical certificate, Professor.
-He said it's for insurance.
-That's fine.
The thing is, he wants it to say
that her condition's serious
and that you're not sure whether
or not his wife can think straight.
-That's what he'd like.
-[phone ringing]
But she's getting better.
-Yes, I know.
-[Gyeo-ul] Hello?
I'm not gonna lie on my report.
Yes, I'll be right there.
Professor Lee, I'm sorry,
but I have to get ready for surgery.
Sure, go ahead.
Okay, I'll talk to him.
[Min-ha] See you next time.
Thanks very much. Have a great day!
CREDIT UNION
[giggles excitedly]
Oh, hello there, Professor Chae!
Dr. Chu, you seem to be in a good mood.
I opened an installment savings account.
Is that why you were coming out
of the bank? You can do it on the app.
I know. But I wanted to do it at the bank
to make it more meaningful.
Professor Chae.
Today's the day I paid off
my student loans in full!
Nice, congratulations.
-You settled it?
-Yes.
Today, I've finally made my last payment.
I opened an installment savings account,
500K monthly.
I know I could've done it on my phone,
but then, I also wanted
to see the actual bankbook,
-so I ran over here during our downtime.
-[phone ringing]
-They have some downtime in OB-GYN.
-I know.
-Hello?
-[Seung-ju] Hey, where are you?
I called because patient Kang Yun-a
is bleeding and it hasn't stopped.
I think it's because her cervix
is dilating. But can you please check?
-Can you come here now?
-Okay, I'm on my way.
See you, Professor Chae.
Goodbye, Dr. Heo! You take care!
Oh, my. Be careful not to trip.
By the way, Professor,
I didn't realize you knew Dr. Chu.
How could I not?
She's a member of We Love Tteokbokki.
-There's a tteokbokki club?
-[chuckles] Yes, apparently.
We should finish your thesis tomorrow,
because I'll be away
from Seoul for a while.
You won't be coming to Seoul anymore?
Mm. Not for some time.
That's why I'm trying to tie up
all my loose ends here.
Oh, please, Professor.
Stop it. Don't be like that.
You'll forget I exist, okay?
[Seon-bin] Oh, Professor Chae.
-[Song-hwa] What's gotten into you?
-[both giggle]
[door squeaks]
-[woman] Nice to see you, Dr. Lee.
-Hello. Good morning.
-Hello. How are you?
-We have the copy you asked for.
-Just pass by the nurse's station anytime.
-Thank you so much.
-Professor Lee, hello.
-Yes, hello.
Ms. Choi, how are you feeling today?
I'm okay. Thank you.
-What about the drainage?
-We've drained 400cc so far.
Has her temperature gone down?
[Su-bin] It's better now.
A little over 37 degrees.
You've got a slight fever
but it's expected,
due to the inflammation in the bile duct.
We're gonna try and reduce
the inflammation
with antibiotics and see how it all goes.
[clears throat]
[crinkles]
She hasn't had
a liver ultrasound in a while.
-Well…
-[Ik-jun] Why don't we do it today?
Take her to the outpatient clinic.
Uh…
Sure, Professor Lee. I'll get it ready.
Uh, a liver ultrasound?
Does she need that?
Oh, yes. It'll be quick. Don't you worry.
Last week, we inserted a little tube here.
The purpose of the tube
is to drain the extra bile.
We just wanna make sure
the drain is working well
and we'll also check
on her liver and gallbladder.
Can I stay with her during the procedure?
Why would you need to come in?
It's her ultrasound.
Don't you trust your wife's doctor?
[awkward chuckle]
No, it's not that all.
Yeah. Yes. Uh, I…
I trust you, Professor Lee.
-All right, then.
-Bye. Have a good day.
-Get some rest.
-Thanks again.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[grunts, labored breathing]
[groans, panting]
[Seok-hyeong] Pushing helps ease the pain,
so we're going to keep pushing, okay?
We're going to get your baby out.
Mom, hang in there. You can do this.
[blows air]
[sighs]
If her husband wants to record,
he can come in now.
-Please tell him to come in.
-[Seon-jin] Okay.
[door slides open]
Are you leaving already?
No need to rush. You still have some time.
But what if the traffic is bad?
Dr. Jong Se-hyeok is in the lobby
and I called a taxi already.
Don't worry. I've already secured
your tickets and I've sent them to you.
I've gotten you return tickets
from Busan to Seoul as well.
It's the last train at 10:50 p.m.
so you have enough time.
Please call me right away
if you miss the train.
Okay, thanks a lot. I'll call you later.
11-YEAR-OLD BOY SONG HAN-GYEOL'S
ORGANS SAVE 5 CHILDREN'S LIVES
-[door clanks]
-[Jeong-won] Your surgery finished early.
What are you talking about?
I got here before dawn today.
Oh, is that the boy? The kid?
Mm, he donated his heart to Eun-ji.
They wrote a story about him.
[lips smack]
It's incredibly rare to find
an organ donor that young.
[sighs]
Hey, are you on duty?
So I guess I can't drink tonight, then.
Mm, right. I'm on duty.
You can still drink with the others.
Song-hwa is here too.
But I can still have dinner
with you if you want.
You're not going
to have dinner with Gyeo-ul?
It's okay. I wanna eat with you.
I bet she's either on duty
or out for procurement.
Mm.
[comical music playing]
[grunting]
[Seok-hyeong] You're doing great.
This is the last push.
Try to push a little harder.
[Min-ha] What happened? How come
her husband isn't coming in?
The baby will be out any second now.
He wanted to record it.
[Seok-hyeong] Okay, Ms. Kang,
push some more. You're almost there.
Keep pushing. Try to push
a little harder now.
-Push.
-[Seon-jin] Her husband is here, Doctor.
-[grunting in pain]
-[Seok-hyeong] Do that one more time.
The baby is coming out.
You're almost there.
Just try to push the baby down. Push.
Give it all you've got. Push!
[squeals in effort]
-[sighs and groaning]
-[flesh squelching]
[Seok-hyeong] You did it.
The baby is out.
[caring tone]
Hi, sweetheart.
-[air hisses]
-[infant crying]
-You did great.
-[Seung-ju] Current time is 14:40.
It's a baby girl.
Your baby is here.
[Seok-hyeong] Congratulations.
Aww, how adorable.
Mom, Dad, say hello to your baby.
Hello, sweetheart.
[Min-ha] Excuse me, sir, you can take
a video of the baby now.
Sir, uh…
[Mr. Kang sniffles]
-You did a great job, honey.
-[Yun-a] Thank you.
[cries]
I love you.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you, honey.
I love you so much.
[touching music playing]
[giggling]
I love you, hmm?
Mm-hmm.
[chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[classical music playing]
[clatters]
[sighs]
[phone thuds]
[blows air]
[taps]
Oh!
When did you get here?
-Just now.
-[plastic crinkles]
Jeong-won told me to give you this.
You probably skipped dinner.
Oh! Thank you so much.
Mozart?
That's impressive.
Hmm.
Oh!
[chuckles]
"SONATA FOR TWO PIANOS"
MOZART
[both chuckle]
[crunches and chuckles]
You seem to be in a good mood.
Hmm? Oh, no. It's nothing special.
For the first time after my divorce,
I realized that marriage
might not always be a bad thing.
And it's funny.
We delivered a baby earlier.
[sighs]
When the baby was born,
the husband immediately went straight
to his wife, not even to the baby.
He held her hand and said
he loves her so much
and that he's so proud of her.
[snickers]
It was such a beautiful moment.
[tongue clicks]
The two of them met as strangers.
[sucks teeth]
Yet they grew to love each other
and completely trust the other person.
Watching them just made me feel so happy,
and it made me jealous.
So get remarried.
You can get remarried too.
Me?
I don't think that'll be a good idea.
Why not?
Does the government say you can't?
You know my family.
I don't want to ruin anyone's life.
-[chopsticks clink]
-No. Your mother won't be like that again.
[breathes deeply]
She'll do the exact same thing.
She won't change.
[Seok-hyeong clicks tongue]
It must've been so stressful for Sin-hye.
What did you do, though?
Did you make any kind of effort?
Did I make an effort? Hmm…
[inhales]
Let me think first.
Hmm.
Even before we got married,
she was very stressed about the dowry.
And after we got married, my mom
would call her about 30 times every day.
-[sighs]
-[Seok-hyeong] And then, one day,
I saw Sin-hye taking six sleeping pills
before she went to bed.
[sucks teeth]
That got me really worried, that's why I…
made her study abroad.
I covered all her expenses.
But even that didn't work out.
Because my mom found out
and she called Sin-hye's family.
She told them, "Why must my son
pay for your daughter's education?"
[chuckles]
That's your first effort,
sending her abroad?
[inhales deeply]
I'm not so sure it counts,
but at least I made an attempt.
Mm…
[lips smack]
Looking back, Sin-hye was…
[tongue clicks]
She was the quiet type to begin with,
but she kept getting quieter.
Going through the divorce,
she hardly said a word, even to me.
Her depression had gotten worse.
So I kept telling her,
"Don't worry about me,
spend time with your parents."
Her mother was very worried about her.
Your second effort,
sending her to her parents' place.
Are you creating a list?
Yes.
[giggles]
-It's a habit of mine. Don't mind me.
-[tongue clicks]
[Seok-hyeong] But that plot
of mine has failed as well.
She couldn't do it
because she was afraid of my mom.
So we both gave up before even trying.
I guess my last effort would be…
[breathes seriously]
I don't even know if it'll count.
What is it?
One day, Sin-hye told me she wanted
to pay my mom a visit at her place.
Why would she do that?
I told her it wasn't necessary and that
we shouldn't bother, but she insisted.
She said she wanted to be
a good daughter-in-law.
Even though I didn't want to,
we ended up going there.
That day,
Mom's diamond ring went missing
from the master's bedroom.
A ring went missing?
But what happened to it?
[tongue clicks]
Mom's diamond ring disappeared.
That day, I saw Sin-hye taking the ring
from my mom's dressing table.
Sin-hye saw me that time too.
[sighs]
Oh, my gosh.
"Why did she steal the ring?
Why did she do it?
She must have hated my mom a lot."
I kept telling myself that.
I never asked her about it.
I couldn't bring it up.
I thought it would be best
to pretend not to know about it.
That's your third effort.
Feigned ignorance
about your ex-wife's criminal offense.
[laughs]
Those things really count as efforts?
They don't.
You didn't put in any effort.
It sounds like all you did
was try to avoid the problem.
An effort would be asking her why
she did it and arguing with her about it.
But you didn't really do anything.
[Song-hwa] "Why are you taking
so many sleeping pills?
Maybe you should see a therapist."
You should've tried to talk to her
about those things.
Instead all you did was worry.
There was no effort
to solve the situation.
How come you…
sound like you know everything?
I know all that.
I'm fully aware of the fact
that this was my fault.
That's why I told you everything
except that part.
I can't believe you still
called me out on it.
[chuckles and sips]
Sometimes,
I feel like you're 800 years old.
I don't know why am I like this.
I'm such a coward.
I think of running away
the moment I'm faced with challenges.
I really need to grow up. I'm so immature.
Knowing the problem is half the solution.
That's what they say, right?
[breathes deeply]
I'll suggest a solution
now that we've identified the problem.
Go ahead. You have me
in the palm of your hand.
Shut up and just do one thing.
The problem is you don't talk enough.
Me? I say what I need to say.
I only talk when I need to.
You need to say more useless things.
At work, only say what's necessary
otherwise let your guard down.
It doesn't matter if you think
your actions are useless,
because the other person
may not feel that way.
You can't do that with everyone, though.
Uh, start with people your close to.
The ones you see often.
And only with the people
you feel most comfortable with.
Mm.
[phone ringing]
Hey, Min-ha.
[Min-ha] Professor Yang,
you're still here at Yulje, right?
It's Ms. Han Seung-ju's birthday
next week,
and we're collecting money,
so we could buy her a group gift.
Well, I was thinking,
since you're already a professor,
and you're also well-off,
can you pitch in 100,000?
Oh, 100,000? Okay, sure.
[Min-ha] Awesome!
Thank you, Professor Yang.
Hang on a minute, Min-ha.
Uh, what kind of gift are we getting?
[Min-ha] Oh, well, we haven't
really decided on one yet.
But I'm thinking of going to the mall
this weekend to pick something up.
Ah.
Where are you going?
Which mall are you going to?
[Seok-hyeong]
How are you going to get there?
Oh, the subway? I see. Ah.
Which subway line?
Right, Line Three, of course. Okay, yes.
The subway will probably be the fastest.
What kind of gift
are we thinking of getting?
Oh, right, I already asked you that.
Yes, there's something wrong
with the bile duct.
They're doing a biopsy right now
to figure it out.
The Professor of Pathology is returning
to the hospital as we speak,
so it's possible we'll be waiting
another hour for the results.
[Deok-ju] Oh, really?
What are we going to do?
At this rate, you won't make it
in time for the train.
No. Even if it's just due to necrosis,
we won't be able to complete
the procurement before 11:00 p.m.
[Deok-ju] How about we try this?
I'll go check if any
of the ambulance drivers
are free to bring you to Seoul
as soon as you're done there.
I'll ask around
and I'll call you right back.
[Deok-ju] I'm sure I can find someone.
I'll make it work, I promise.
I'd really appreciate it, thank you.
CENTRAL OPERATING UNIT
You're not on duty tonight.
Why are you here?
[Ik-jun] Something came up.
[sighs and grunts]
What's going on?
[breathes deeply]
[engine rumbles]
119 RESCUE SERVICES
AMBULANCE
[sighs]
-Gyeo-ul, you sit in the front.
-Okay.
The driver got called into work in
his day off, so he's probably very tired.
Please do your best
to keep him alert behind the wheel?
-Okay, I understand.
-[Se-hyeok] Okay.
[siren wailing]
[candies clattering]
-Would you like to have some gum?
-Oh, yeah. Thank you very much.
[plastic crinkles]
-Please have some dried squid.
-Sure. Thank you.
[upbeat music playing]
[groans, inhales sharply]
-[exhales]
-[clapping]
Excuse me, sir! Can we make
a stop at the next rest area?
-Uh, sure.
-Thanks.
[upbeat music continues]
AMBULANCE ENTRY ONLY
[phone ringing]
MOM
Mom, why are you up?
Has something happened?
-Why are you calling so late?
-[Mrs. Jang] Nothing happened.
I just miss hearing your voice.
That's why I decided to call you.
You're calling me at four in the morning.
You should be in bed, sound asleep.
[Mrs. Jang] I can finally go to sleep
now that I've heard your voice, dear.
You, is everything okay with you?
Yes, everything's fine.
Mom, did you have a fight with Dad?
[Mrs. Jang] Of course not.
We didn't fight.
-You're sure, right?
-[Mrs. Jang] Yes, we're fine.
Gyeo-ul, are you out of side dishes?
Because I could send some more over.
No, I still have a lot of food left.
Mom, are you sure everything's okay?
[Mrs. Jang] Of course.
Everything here is fine.
[incoming call tone]
I'm getting a call, Mom.
I need to head into surgery now.
[Mrs. Jang] Oh, okay. Go ahead.
Don't push yourself too hard. I love you.
Okay, love you too.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Yeong-ha] Oh, by the way, Dr. Jang.
Cho Seung-su,
the laparocholecystotomy patient
in 6010 has passed gas.
That's good. Let's see.
Then he can have water now
and start eating by tomorrow. He can
get started with some porridge first.
-Yes, I got it.
-[mouse clicking]
[footsteps]
Is there anything I can help you with?
Ms. Song, I'm sorry. We want to move
to a different room, please.
The people in the other bed
are way too loud.
[sighs]
First, the patient. Gosh.
I feel sorry for her,
but she screams her head off
every time she becomes delirious.
Then when her husband
goes to the room at night,
he shows up drunk
and obnoxious every single time.
[exasperated sigh]
I can't be 100% sure
because of the curtains.
Oh…
But I think that man hits his poor wife.
We can hear it. That awful sound, okay?
It's the sound of flesh getting hit.
It's like beating her,
and it's really terrifying.
Oh, I wasn't sure if I could say anything
since I haven't actually seen it,
but something definitely feels off.
Please, Ms. Song,
could you move us to a different room?
They're so loud and the whole thing
keeps us on edge.
My mom has a hard time
sleeping these days.
[tense music playing]
[squeaks]
Oh, hi. How are you, Doctor?
Have you already eaten?
-[bottle clinks]
-Here, you can have this bottle.
No, thank you. I'm okay.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Jun-wan slurping]
[munching]
[gasps]
-Kim Jun-wan.
-Yes, Lee Ik-jun?
What does your schedule look like?
This week? I'm all booked for tomorrow
and I have a conference on Thursday.
That's good.
-Why do you ask?
-No reason.
When are you coming back?
Friday night, I think.
Though I'll probably go straight home.
-Why are you asking?
-I'm out of here.
That jerk…
[phone ringing]
-Hello.
-[Jae-hak] Professor Kim.
Eun-ji's mother is here. She's wondering
if she could speak with you.
With me?
[Su-bin] Hello, Dr. Jang,
you're not on duty tonight, are you?
[Gyeo-ul] I'm staying behind
to organize some charts.
Mm.
[exhales]
[plastic crinkles]
[uneasy music playing]
[footsteps squeaking]
Come on. You know we can't
accept things like this, ma'am.
You didn't have to.
Please try them. I baked them myself, hmm?
Those didn't cost too much to make.
My gosh, thank you. We'll enjoy them.
Don't forget to share them
with Ms. Cho Mi-yeong
and Ms. Yoo Ji-yun who are on duty today.
And could you save some
for, uh, the nurse who left this morning?
Ms. Kim Mi-suk, with the pretty voice.
And please make sure the yoga enthusiast,
Ms. Jang Gyeong-hwa, gets some too.
Yes, don't worry, ma'am.
I'll make sure everyone gets some.
[sucks teeth]
Oh, dear. I'm grateful…
for all the help you've given us.
I'm so thankful to all the PICU nurses.
Eun-ji managed to stay strong
and she was able to get her transplant.
I want to thank you for adoring Eun-ji
and treating her like your own.
I really appreciate you
taking such great care of her.
We're really happy to see Eun-ji
recovering so quickly.
We've received help from so many people.
I know all the nurses
went out of their way for Eun-ji,
especially Professor Kim Jun-wan.
He worked so hard on her case.
But you know…
there's another person
I'm deeply grateful to.
-[crinkles]
-[gasps]
[Jun-wan] What is all this?
[Eun-ji's mother] I included a letter
I wrote to the donor's family.
Maybe it's not appropriate,
but my husband and I
added a little gift for them as well.
I couldn't stop thinking about the kid
who donated his heart to Eun-ji.
Please make sure his family gets that.
I'd really appreciate it.
Please, Doctor. I hope
you could do that for me.
You know I can't. It's against the law.
We can't tell you anything about
the donor, even I don't know who it is.
-I'm afraid I can't accept--
-I…
I read the article.
Only a few pediatric heart transplants
are performed a year.
I saw the date that the child
became a little angel…
coincided with the date
when Eun-ji got the heart.
It was him.
The age and region also seem to match.
[Jun-wan sighs]
Uh…
Professor Kim.
[sighs]
While we were praying
and waiting for months
for Eun-ji to finally find the donor,
I couldn't help feeling extremely anxious.
I was worried all the time.
Words can't express how huge
of a blessing and miracle this is to us.
But I know the boy's family
must be devastated right now.
When I think of how I prayed
every single night
for something like this to happen…
that really…
hurts me more than I can say, Doctor.
[rustles]
[breathes deeply]
CERTIFICATE OF DONATION
SONG HAN-GYEOL
I know it's a small amount,
but we made the donation under his name.
[touching music playing]
[Eun-ji's mother]
We're going to do it every year,
and we will never forget him.
We'll keep his memory alive.
Please, Doctor. Give that to his family.
If it's not too much to ask,
I hope you let them know that…
[exhales]
…I thank them from the bottom of my heart.
This humility I'm feeling…
and this gratitude
will forever remain with me.
I'll do my very best to raise Eun-ji
to become a kind person in his honor.
Please let them know that.
[inhales]
PATIENT ELEVATOR
Security, I need you both.
Please come with me right away.
[uneasy music playing]
-[squeaks]
-[groans]
He's doing it again.
What is wrong with that man?
Ugh!
-[Eun-suk whimpers]
-[Mr. Choi] I can't believe it.
-Why do you have to…
-[curtains rattle]
-What are you doing?
-[Mr. Choi] Huh?
-[grunts]
-Ow!
Ugh! Damn it, woman.
You should mind your own business!
-Ah!
-[Mr. Choi] Bitch!
You're insane…
Let go! I said, let go of me! Let go!
-[guard 1] Stay still.
-Easy!
-[Mr. Choi] No, let me go!
-Don't fight us!
-[guard 2] Let's go.
-No!
-Come on, we're going to talk outside.
-[Mr. Choi] Let go!
Gyeo-ul, are you all right?
Can you stand up?
-[Mr. Choi] Please let me go!
-Ma'am, look at me. Are you all right?
-I'm going to sue you all. You're dead!
-Calm down!
-[Mr. Choi] You hear me?
-[guard 1] Take it easy.
-[guard 2] Calm down.
-[Mr. Choi] Let go!
-Let go of me!
-Calm down, sir.
[Mr. Choi] Let go!
[machines beeping]
[Gwang-hyeon] Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul.
I'm not sure if you
were being brave or just reckless.
I'm very sorry.
[sighs]
You don't need to apologize to me.
You have always been
too rough for your own good.
I mean, how could you do that?
Do you really think you'd be sitting there
if that guy slammed
your head on the floor?
There's a reason
we have an emergency bell,
and the security guards were there too.
So then, why would you
just rush into it blindly like that?
You should have waited
just a few more minutes. My goodness.
All right, that's enough, Gwang-hyeon.
You should get back to work.
Yeah, I have to go anyway.
That shoulder is going
to bother you for a few days.
You know that microfractures may not
show up immediately in an X-ray, right?
[Gwang-hyeon]
Try not to use that arm so much.
Just take the meds,
and let's see how it goes.
-Go.
-Mm, all right. My goodness.
[sighs]
[rattles]
[Jeong-won exhales]
[Gyeo-ul] Honestly, I can't promise you
that I won't…
do it again.
He was hitting her. How could I
just stand back and do nothing?
The security guards were there.
You should have let them handle it.
I had no idea that
the security guards were nearby.
They're usually not stationed
on that floor.
They've been there the whole week.
Ik-jun asked the security team
to keep an eye on him.
He already suspected domestic violence,
but the patient was too afraid
of the husband to come forward.
That's why Ik-jun asked
a few security guards
to keep an eye out, just in case.
What's going on?
[breathes deeply]
I'm bothered by how the husband
was wiping the patient's face
with a warm cloth.
But he doesn't seem to care
about her treatment.
I noticed she would flinch every time
his hand came near her face.
Anyway, I contacted security
for help just in case.
I told them I wasn't sure,
but I wanted them
to post two guards in the meantime.
I figured that if I was wrong,
they could just call me nosy.
But then, while I was doing my rounds,
I noticed she had a bruise
on her forehead.
[exhales seriously]
I think we should call the police.
I wanted to get a better idea
of the situation,
so I tried talking to her first,
I pulled her aside and I asked her.
Are you in need of any help?
We have a team here
that can help with cases like this.
We can make sure
your husband will never find out.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
But I'm okay.
It's not like that.
[sighs]
[breathes deeply]
Fine. But please don't hesitate
to let us know
if there's anything we can do
to help make things better for you.
We will make sure you're protected.
Okay.
[shaky voice]
I'm so sorry, Professor Lee.
[sniffles]
Why are you apologizing?
None of this is your fault.
You're the victim.
You have no reason to apologize,
whatsoever.
[sobs]
Could you please give me some more time
to think about this, Professor?
[sigh of relief]
Yes, of course, ma'am.
So after all of that, what's going
to happen to Ms. Choi Eun-suk now?
What if he wants her discharged or…
what if he moves her
to a different hospital?
After what happened,
Ik-jun transferred her to the ICU.
Oh…
Of course, why didn't I think of that?
That way, we can protect her.
He's probably not allowing any visitors,
saying she needs absolute rest.
He said he'd see how things go
for a couple of days
and he'll try to look
for more ways to help her,
so don't worry about it.
Ik-jun will take care of everything.
I was feeling so overwhelmed.
I felt helpless not knowing what to do.
Now that I knows this, I can offer this
as a solution next time.
When something bad happens,
you should tell others
and don't be afraid to ask for help.
Okay.
[inhales]
Gyeo-ul.
Is there anything
you'd like to share with me?
Nothing. Everything's okay.
I'm glad to hear that.
But if ever you're worried about something
or feeling stressed out, just tell me.
I'm here for you.
I may be able to help you.
Okay, I'll remember that.
But everything's fine at the moment.
Except for the fact
that my patients are going to suffer
because I'm dumb and incompetent.
But it's all good now.
[tender music]
[both chuckle]
[Ik-jun] Jang Gyeo-ul! Gyeo-ul!
Gosh, where are you, Gyeo-ul?
Jang Gyeo-ul! Hey, Gyeo-ul!
Oh, man, now my throat hurts.
Where are you, Gyeo-ul?
[romantic music]
Jang Gyeo-ul!
Answer me, Gyeo-ul! Come on! Are you here?
Are you a celebrity?
No one's going to recognize you
at the hospital.
Today, none of my friends will be there.
I know that. I forgot to take it off.
[clears throat]
Why did you come to the airport?
I told you not to bother.
It's not as if I don't know
where Yulje is.
Mm, I'm treating you like a baby.
Just follow everything
that I tell you to do.
The tests are going to take
about three to four hours.
You'll get the results right away.
Most probably, you'll be sent
to Changwon for treatment.
But if the results don't look so good,
forget about Jun-wan.
You'll be hospitalized
right away, you understand?
All right, I'll do as you say.
You know, this is scary for me too.
I really miss U-ju.
You should have brought him with you.
[inhales]
U-ju and Jun-wan are close.
[sighs]
Hey, don't tell me you're going
to be pacing outside the hallway
or hovering by the door later
or following me
while I'm getting the tests done.
Ah, don't you worry.
I'll be staying in my office.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Ik-jun] Once hepatocirrhosis begins,
there's no turning back.
[lips smack]
Especially in your condition.
Hepatocirrhosis could pose
a greater risk for you.
[sips]
[inhales]
The inflammation in your bile duct
has gotten worse.
I thought you were
being careful in the UK.
That you were taking your meds.
if you had a fever.
The meds I took used to bring
the fever down right away.
But the last one I had recently,
the meds didn't really work that well.
I had no idea my bile duct
inflammation was worse.
I thought it was from the stress
of being overseas,
and because I was so far from home.
Haven't you been feeling tired lately?
Yes, I was.
But I thought it was all because
I was getting older.
No wonder I kept telling myself
"I used to be full of energy,
and now I get tired easily.
It must have something to do with age."
I didn't know it was because
of hepatocirrhosis.
[breathes deeply]
Ah, it's still in the early stage.
At least you'll get it treated now.
You'll eat Mom's home-cooked meals
and think about nothing else
but your health for a year, okay?
Yes, I got it.
Let's go. Mom must be waiting. Oh!
I decided to tell Mom and Dad about it
since you need to be
more comfortable at home.
Yes, that's fine.
I was planning on telling them anyway.
You know, I can take a cab
at the terminal.
There's no need to drive me
all the way there.
What are you talking about?
I'm not doing this for you.
I haven't seen Mom and Dad in a while,
so I'm going to visit them in Changwon.
You might as well come with me.
Seriously, though. I'm really okay.
So am I. So quit it. Let's go.
[sighs]
Yes, I'm coming. I'm in a taxi. Hold on.
Excuse me, sir. Sorry, but could you
-drop me off at Yulje instead?
-Sure.
What's the BP and saturation?
[Jae-hak] BP, 50. Oxygen saturation is 60.
We just intubated the patient.
All right. I'm almost at the hospital.
I'll check it out.
Okay, then. Mm-hmm.
-[call end tone chimes]
-[breathes deeply]
[Ik-sun] What are you looking for?
[Ik-jun] I bought supplements for Mom,
but it's not here.
I left it in my office.
Just wait for me. I'll get it quickly.
[grunts]
[car ticking]
[car door opens]
[gasps]
[sobs softly]
[emotional music playing]
[muffled sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[Jae-hak] Professor Kim!
[panting]
Thanks for coming so quickly.
Come on, let's go inside.
["Already One Year" plays]
[cries]
[in Korean]
♪ It just happened ♪
♪ I'll be okay in a few days ♪
♪ I kept telling myself that
And it's already been a year ♪
♪ Every time our anniversaries
Roll around ♪
♪ Sadness finds me ♪
♪ The excitement and the fluttering heart
When I confessed my love to you ♪
♪ And the day we first met passes by ♪
♪ Then your birthday comes along
I light the cake in tears ♪
♪ And wish you a happy birthday ♪
♪ I believe in you
I believe in your mind ♪
♪ Even though a year has passed already ♪
♪ Even after another year
And yet another year ♪
♪ I will be waiting for you ♪
[Gyeo-ul] She's decided to press charges.
She already called the insurance company
and changed the beneficiary to her mother.
We're also helping
to find a caregiver for her.
[Ik-jun] Oh, really?
[relieved sigh]
That's good. That's the right decision.
Yeah. Focus on your recovery right now.
I will.
I know that I'm living
with terminal liver cancer.
But all I want is peace
even just for one more day.
The whole time, I assumed
that nobody would support me
even if I asked for help.
Then I met a social worker
and all the doctors and nurses
kept checking in on me
and asking how I was doing.
[sighs]
They all gave me such heartfelt advice.
Suddenly, I started to feel
like I wasn't alone.
Because of all you've done,
I finally found my courage.
Thank you for everything.
Strawberry, strawberry,
strawberry, strawberry…
Wow, that was tricky.
[cackles]
[Ho-dong] Hey, stop it!
[exhales]
He kept asking me
which mall I was going to.
He also asked me how I'd get there.
That didn't sound like him at all.
But the fact that he wanted
to know all those details…
for sure, it's a green light, 100 percent.
[nervous breathing]
[deep exhale]
I can do this. I got this.
-[laughing]
-[door opens]
[laughing]
[door closes]
[laughter continues]
-Here.
-Thanks.
-[Ho-dong] That's so funny.
-[chuckles]
[man on video cackles]
Oh, you're crazy, you know?
Professor, is it okay if ask a question?
Sure. What?
Is it okay with you…
if ask you out, let's say, five times?
[comical music]
Professor, if it doesn't
make you uncomfortable,
then there shouldn't be
any issues with that, right?
Let's see…
[Min-ha] Uh…
I don't think it'll make me uncomfortable.
But my answer will always be no.
But…
I haven't even done it yet.
You can't reject me before I've asked.
Well, anyway…
that means I can still do it
though, right?
[exhales]
I guess it's really up to you.
Then, in that case…
I'm just gonna ask you five times,
and then that's it.
You see, Professor, I really do like you.
[lovely music]
[chuckles]
[coughs, clears throat]
Do you want to go with me
to the movies this weekend?
I'm going to a temple with my mom.
-[quirky music]
-I see. A temple…
One down. Four attempts left.
[door opens]
[slow upbeat music]
[exhales deeply]
[chuckles]
Um, could you give me
a really short hairstyle?
Mm, how short would you like it?
You can cut them right off.
I want a new look.
[hairdresser] Okay.
♪ I couldn't say I miss you so much
So please come back to me ♪
♪ Not because of the warm look in his eyes
As he was looking at you ♪
♪ Not because of the ring
On your left hand ♪
♪ But because of how happy you looked ♪
♪ I believe in you
I believe in your mind ♪
♪ I know you've started over ♪
♪ I know that you
Are now making memories ♪
♪ Without me ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[bass playing]
[guitar strumming]
♪ But the memories that fill my heart ♪
♪ Are of our laughter
Stories, and hopes ♪
♪ And now I only have
One new memory to make ♪
♪ All the waiting and tears ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I believe in you
I believe in your mind ♪
♪ I know you've started over ♪
♪ I know that you are now
Making memories ♪
♪ Without me ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Even though a year has passed already ♪
♪ Even after another year
And yet another year ♪
♪ I will be waiting for you ♪
[officer] "This is the latest
duty appointment order.
According to Order 50
issued by Division 95,
Major Lee Ik-sun is now stationed
in Division 95 effective immediately.
April 22, 2020.
The Commander of Division 95,
Major General Jeon Seong-hun."
Commander Jeon, salute.
-Salute, sir.
-[camera clicking]
[commander] Salute.
At ease.
-[camera clicks]
-[sighs]
TASTE OF SUMMER
COLD SOYBEAN NOODLE SOUP
[slurping]
How are things in your unit?
This one must be quite different.
A little bit. It's a rearguard unit,
so it's not like the one I had in Inje.
-How's U-ju lately?
-He's doing great.
Have you been seeing your doctor?
[Ik-jun sighs]
It's so nice to be a soldier.
They gave you a month-long medical leave.
I have to work harder now that I'm back.
-Ik-jun.
-Mm?
Stop visiting me in Changwon.
You're too much.
[chopsticks clinking]
And give me back my cherry tomato.
You saw that?
Mm-hmm.
[dramatic classical music]
[slurps]
[Ik-jun grunts]
[munches]
Mm!
-Why is this so good?
-Should we order a few more?
No way, my stomach is turning
into an aquarium now.
What are your plans for Christmas?
"Christmas"? The leaves
haven't even changed colors yet.
What about you?
You always had work on Christmas.
This year, I promise I won't be.
[sips]
Right, that's the spirit.
But leave me out of your plans.
I don't want to see you over the holidays.
[classical music continues]
-Amazing, why is this so good?
-[chuckles]
[Ik-jun inhales, blows, slurps]
I can't believe you're here again.
You're killing me.
For your information,
I came to visit Mom and Dad, not you.
-Where's U-ju?
-At a ski camp.
He went there with Mo-ne and her dad.
It's four days, so I couldn't go.
Mm. I bet U-ju wasn't sad at all
about you not being there with him.
Right, he only cares about Mo-ne.
He was so excited.
He didn't turn around once.
He's grown up now. He's so mature.
[snickers]
Wait, I wanna go skiing too.
Am I not allowed to go on trips now?
Your liver index is higher.
How did you know that?
Because I asked your doctor.
-Does my doctor report to you every day?
-No, I ask your doctor every day.
Stop bugging me and go date someone.
U-ju is living the life compared to you.
I will if I wanted to.
Gosh, why would you worry about that?
[phone ringing]
KIM JUN-WAN
Hello. Yeah, what's up?
-[clacks]
-[Ik-sun gasps]
[somber music]
[sniffles]
Hey, U-ju, make sure
you wash your hands with a soap
until the color changes, you got that?
[U-ju] Okay!
[bright music]
[Ik-jun] Wow.
U-ju, can you imagine?
You're already seven.
I can't believe
you're growing up so quickly.
Lucky seven. It's a lucky age.
So I guess that makes you
the oldest kid in kindergarten.
Cool.
Are you happy to be back?
Mm, I am. I get to see Mo-ne.
But, U-ju, don't you see Mo-ne every day?
Mm, yes, but I'm still happy
to see Mo-ne every day.
Just like how I'm happy
seeing you every day.
Oh, my heart!
[cute squeal]
[gasps]
[playful music]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
-My goodness.
-[both chuckling]
[humming]
Hey, Dad, is it a new semester
at Yulje too?
That's right. You can say it like that.
-Will you meet many new friends?
-[gasps]
Yes, so many. From new interns
to new residents. New patients as well.
My old friend is coming back too.
Your "old friend"?
[bright music]
[humming]
[rain pouring]
[sighs happily]
[bright music continues]
[chuckles]
I had a feeling you'd be
in your office already.
Ta-da! For you.
-Flowers?
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
My eldest brother is really
into gardening these days.
Just let me know if you want more.
I have a ton of those.
Thanks.
So how's your neck?
Oh, it feels much better now.
[Song-hwa] Where is Jun-wan?
Didn't you come in together?
Welcome back. It's good you're here.
Thanks a lot.
-I have surgery. See you later.
-Mm-hmm.
Oh, why does it have to rain so much?
[chuckles]
-I'll see you later.
-Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
The good old days are behind you.
-[both laughing]
-[Seok-hyeong] You're in trouble now.
See you. Uh!
Look, the sky is crying for you.
[chuckles softly]
Knock, knock.
Let's go eat.
-Sure.
-Come on.
Mm.
It's pouring outside.
[Song-hwa] Yeah, I know.
My gosh, I really love it.
Let's go.
How about we have breakfast quickly
and watch the rain when we're done?
[Song-hwa] Yeah, let's do that.
[door thuds]
[lively music]
[Jae-hak] The new interns have arrived
and they're scarier than the devil.
[all] Hello.
Interns only need to do what
the professors tell them to do.
I'm really happy to have
lots of interns and residents
cause I've always worked alone.
[Jae-hak] And you know
what the professors said?
The residents' quality of life
will surely be guaranteed.
By the way, CS is trying
to cut the work hours.
-Are you on duty every night?
-[started]
[Ik-jun] March is a difficult month.
You're just starting out.
[Seok-min] Were you ever
a stupid intern back in the day?
I did some stupid things.
-Past is past, okay? It's done.
-Why, you little…
[Song-hwa] I was just an intern back then.
[Ik-jun] All right. All right. Fine.
Sure, I'll do my best.
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
Professor.
[Gyeo-ul] I'm already a fellow,
and yet I still make mistakes.
I don't seem to have improved
at all, you know.
[Jeong-won] The baby's condition
isn't anyone's fault either.
It just happened and nothing else.
[Ik-jun] You're doing fine,
and you'll do better.
You just need more time.
[Jeong-won] I'll do my very best, ma'am.
["I Like You" by Cho Jung Seok ends]